hi everyone Carolyn here with blue leaf
calm simple data reporting and client
interaction for financial advisors today
I'm going to show everyone a simple
little trick you can do on your Apple
device whether it be your iPad or iPhone
I have my iPhone 4s here we're going to
save any web URL as an app bookmark to
her home screen so you could have one
click quick access to your favorite
websites for this demo I'm gonna use
blue TIFF as an example for all you blue
file users out there you can do this for
yourself for your adviser dashboard or
you can offer this trick to your clients
so they can access their client portals
via their iPhones or iPads how cool so
when we create these bookmarks they're
gonna behave like all other apps on your
phone you can shift them around your XM
out and again we're gonna do it with any
web URL we want I'm gonna delete my blue
leave app just so I can show you how to
create it and it's really simple the
first thing you do is you go to Safari
and you enter the URL that you'd like to
bookmark and save you home screen once
the page loads you're gonna go to this
bottom center button here with the
square and the arrow pointing you click
on it and you're presented with a few
different options of what you can do at
the URL you can nail it you can send it
out via text you can tweet it in the
center here though it says add to
homepage we're gonna click on that up
comes a little option to name your app
name your bookmark blue leaf has our
logo show up as the app icon here if you
just for other web pages it might show
up blank that's okay just gonna be a
blank icon on your iPhone we've set up
leave to have our nice little logo there
for you and your clients and you can
name the app whatever you'd like
I'm gonna leave it as Louise that's nice
and simple and it will appear nicely on
my iPhone so if you'd like you can
rename it and then you click Add and
voila it appears on your
phone there it is and again the blue f1
shows up as our nice little bead and
next time you click it it does open
Safari but it leads you right to that
URL and your clients can login to their
portal if they remain logged in at their
portal we'll just pop up and it's really
simple quick way to save any URL to your
Apple homescreen so again we live users
feel free to share this trick with your
clients so they can have even easier
access to their finances 24/7 via their
Bluetooth client portal so you have it
let's run through quickly one more time
open Safari go to the URL bottom center
button click Add to Home screen rename
if you'd like click Add and voila
there's your own little app and now I
have two blue leaf apps that's kind of
excessive but you know better to than
zero so there you have it good luck have
fun and visit the blue leaf blog for
more tips and tricks for running a more
efficient financial advisory business
have a good day everyone